How to contribute
=================

There are several options for you to contribute to the project if you
wish to do so.

Translating the app
-------------------

The developers want people around the world to use the
arbeitszeitapp. To achieve this, it's crucial to translate the app
into as many languages as we can. Since we're a small team of software
creators, we haven't had the resources to create a detailed guide on
how to translate the app step by step. However, we invite you to reach
out to us through the issue tracker on GitHub. The README file in this
project provides technical details about our translation technology,
but don't be concerned if you find it complex. We're here to assist
you with the technical setup to the best of our ability. Feel free to
ask for help!

Contributing to the source code
-------------------------------

We appreciate contributions to the code! When you contribute to the
project, it means you agree that your source code is distributed under
our Free-and-Open-Source Software license. If you want to help with
the project but don't know where to begin, check out the issue
tracker. You can propose changes by `forking the repository
<https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo>`_
and creating a pull request on GitHub. This action initiates a review
process by the arbeitszeitapp collective. Please be patient if we
don't start reviewing your code immediately, as our resources are
limited, and none of us is economically compensated for working on the
app. If you're unsure about creating a pull request, don't worry â€“
there's a `helpful guide
<https://docs.github.com/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork>`_
in the GitHub documentation on how to do it. Feel free to refer to
that!
